[#349] Add Twilio source documentation (#356)
airyhq/airy: docs/docs/sources/whatsapp-twilio.md

---
title: Whatsapp via Twilio
sidebar_label: Whatsapp - Twilio
---

The Twilio Whatsapp source provides a channel for sending and receiving Whatsapp messages
using the [Twilio API](https://www.twilio.com/).

This document assumes that you have a Twilio account connected to [Whatsapp](https://www.twilio.com/whatsapp).

## Configuration
 
import TwilioSource from './twilio-source.mdx'

> <TwilioSource />

Author: ![monkey](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4403838/99690795-cee58800-2a88-11eb-836e-62b80f236115.gif)

---

> title: Whatsapp with Twilio

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Whatsapp via Twilio
```

sidebar_label: Whatsapp - Twilio
---

The Twilio Whatsapp source provides a channel for sending and receiving Whatsapp messages
using the [Twilio API](https://www.twilio.com/).

> This document assumes that you have already created a Twilio account and connected it to [Whatsapp](https://www.twilio.com/whatsapp).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document assumes that you have a Twilio account connected to [Whatsapp](https://www.twilio.com/whatsapp).
```

## Configuration
 

> First you must create a [Twilio auth token](https://support.twilio.com/hc/en-us/articles/223136027-Auth-Tokens-and-How-to-Change-Them),
> which you then add to `infrastructure/airy.conf` like so:
> 
> ```
> TWILIO_AUTH_TOKEN=<YOUR AUTH TOKEN>
> ```
> 
> You also have to add your account sid:
> 
> ```
> TWILIO_SID=<YOUR ACCOUNT SID>
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must create a [Twilio auth token](https://support.twilio.com/hc/en-us/articles/223136027-Auth-Tokens-and-How-to-Change-Them) and add it to `infrastructure/airy.conf` together with your account sid:

```
TWILIO_AUTH_TOKEN=<YOUR AUTH TOKEN>
TWILIO_SID=<YOUR ACCOUNT SID>
```

> 

Reviewer 2: Extra line

## Connecting a channel

> After you have created a Twilio phone number you must [point its webhook](https://www.twilio.com/docs/sms/tutorials/how-to-receive-and-reply-java#configure-your-webhook-url) to your
> Airy Core installation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you created a Twilio phone number, you must [point its webhook](https://www.twilio.com/docs/sms/tutorials/how-to-receive-and-reply-java#configure-your-webhook-url) to your Airy Core Platform running instance.
```

(been using "running instance" based on some documentation @paulodiniz wrote)

> Next call the Platform API:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next call the Airy Core Platform API for connecting channels:
```

```
POST /channels.connect
```

- `source` *must* be `whatsapp.twilio`
- `source_channel_id`   The phone number as listed in your [Twilio dashboard](https://www.twilio.com/console/phone-numbers/). 

>                         Must not have spaces, must include the country code and be prefixed by `whatsapp:` 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                        Must not have spaces, must include the country code, and be prefixed by `whatsapp:` 
```
